Mr. Shen was poisoned by me
Miss Zhang, the reason for this is because of Wuya
I hate him out of love
I only get depressed
Lord Shen, no matter what you ask for
I can promise
Miss Huang's performance
It really arouses people's ears and hearts
You die
It's all because you rejected Miss Huang
Crow, I sincerely apologize
Please give me a chance to make amends
Do you want
Opportunity for what?
First of all, I am willing to support the Shen family
Become Wentian City
The first-class family under the four major talent groups
Secondly, I can give it to the young people of the Shen family
The opportunity to study in the Royal Group
And finally.
I could be your wife
What if I don't accept it?
Crow
After marrying you
I'm at your disposal
I'm curious.
What is the reason?
Can make the dignified Miss Huang condescend to pray
wish
Who is our family afraid of?